fair
legends and songs will not lie
and your monstrosity and have great relish
we are gnomes of erebor
and we came to return our relatives
land I offer you my help from where
we know that we will not betray
out of nowhere to come no more king under
we shall not grow stronger with each
victory and evil becomes even more
and the goal became home very interested not
give him hope if there is none
coin no rights to that mountain i
the only one in that war we were blind
our blindness
our enemy is back I found something in
goblin tombs
why did you find your courage well she
you come in handy
dragon fire and destruction that's what you
brought us and you don't see it because
of my dreams I will not risk everything
hike because of the life of one thief
his name is either what a thief is where do not go
feel shy
come to light